The mind of mind is embodiment of fire. Dhamma Dhatam, that we often hear in the teaching here,
Dhamma Dhatam's wisdom is Buddha Verochanas, Dhamma Dhatam's wisdom.
And then, Merelya's wisdom is the Buddha's way of suffering, or the acrobatic.
And all the economic wisdom is Dharana Sambhas. And then discrimination awareness wisdom is the
Buddha Amitabhas.
All a complicated wisdom is, is the Amogasithas.
So that means those wisdom, when they are actively arising as the display of the poem,
then they appear for those different Buddhas.
This acrobatic wisdom is the first wisdom, Dhamma Dhatam's wisdom is the Buddha Verochanas.
That didn't mean they don't have other wisdom.
Each of those wisdom has all the five wisdom, too.
That's what's called the acrobatic five, the Dhyana Buddha, are surrounded by different five Dhyana
Buddhas.
Display, that's what in the teaching often said, it said 100 Buddhas, all those Buddhas.
And even they said 100,000 Buddhas, it's a display of the wisdom arising the poem of the poems and
enlightenment things.
And the wisdom, when we start talking wisdom, wisdom is not just a wisdom.
Wisdom is completely saturated, combined with compassion and loving-kind thoughts.
All the beings, infinite love and compassion.
Now we bring down all the, where there is five Gaya, where there is five Muslims,
where there is five Dhyana Buddhas, where is that all?
It's all within our nature of the mind, or nature, our nature of the mind.
Where that is residing right now, according to the teaching,
or in the teaching, in our heart center.
That is all residing in our heart center.
Our nature of the mind, our mind, nature of the mind, embodiment of the five Dhyana Buddhas, all
enlightened.
All is all in the Buddha.
Buddha summon the Buddha. And therefore, teaching mention, don't look to Buddha anywhere else.
Your nature of the mind is the Buddha.
Don't search to anywhere.
Every searching and trying to looking Buddha like to find somewhere,
you will never going to find anything except your own mind.
That doesn't mean there is no Buddha Amitabha, there is no other Buddha.
But there are, according to the individual, rich enlightenment.
Buddha Shakyamuni also become the Buddha.
Because Buddha walk for three countless years, rich enlightenment.
There is many Buddhas in every different direction.
But if you are trying to look to find, to also get Buddha,
we have to search Buddha from within.
Look Buddha within.
Buddha is right here, that.
And that is to start with that.
Then, then, pause, we start with meditation.
So to do meditation is, we discover it all in an absolute Buddha.
All the Buddhas summon the Buddha or the Dharma Dattu.
Vastas. Vastas.
Always we discover that Buddha.
We discover all the five Dhyana Buddhas.
That means, we, when we reach enlightenment, in the teaching of offering center,
teaching we said, we reach enlightenment.
You, your environment becomes pure land, pure land of that.
So that means, we just become the Buddha.
And all our environment is become pure land.
And all our display of the wisdom becomes the display of the five Dhyana Buddha,
or five Vistas, or five Chayas.
That.
So five Chayas, five Vistas, five Dhyana Buddha is within us.
We are all accomplished or completed without qualities.
Within us, that.
So therefore, here is it.
See that.
And again here is it.
Therefore, so everything, yeah, yeah.
This is the, so that nature.
To discover that, we start with from the discovering of the innate nature of our own mind.
Nature of this great intellect.
Why we have to do that now?
And that is according to the two teachings.
Because we started just looking to the other, those different colors.
We created dualities.
That duality becomes then heinous for our realization.
For that reason, tattoo is so powerful because immediately it cuts the duality conception,
touches the goal of the true nature and be connected to that.
And when we discover that and call it this, then we apply to some Toga practices,
become really very powerful and very effective, effective in that.
So now, for that reason, here.
Here, again, the great Master Shambhata Rana says.
So how to discover that?
I mean, we already discussed it, any, any two.
And you already know that.
Many of you already know that.
But to discover that.